---
layout: post
title: CS 373 - Week of 29 04 Sep - 11 Sep
---
## What did I do this past week?
During my third week, I spent the majority of the time working on the first project and making sure everything was complete as requested. Coming up with a cache that worked well enough to bring the time down wasnt very hard, but I did have to go through several iterations to get something down that worked as well as I wanted it to.

## What’s in my way?
Some of the things that got in my way were the very detailed turn in reqeuests for the assignment. I felt confident that my project was 100% complete about 15 times, and each time I would find out that there was another step that I had to take, another line I had to uncomment, another file I had to upload and so on. Although this could have been my fault, I felt that I did read the assignment requirements carefully and yet I was still finding things to be incomplete every hour or so.

## What will I do next week?
Next I will begin reading the requirements for the next assignment and discuss how I want to approuch it with my partner. I will also begin studying all the notes that have been posted by professor Downing on piazza, and begin messing with the python terminal to really get a handle on how the language works.

## Tip-of-the-week
Regarding any class you are in or might take in the future, once the class has ended take 15 minutes of your time and review everything that was discussed during that class. Or talk about it with another student. This will help you flush out all the ideas that were discussed and help you remmeber them not just for exam day, but make it easier to commit thingst to memory in the future.
