---
layout: post
title: CS 373 - Week of 24 Aug - 28 Aug
---
## What did I do this past week?
During this first week of class I was out of town, so I spent the majority of my time reading up on some of the material that I thought was necessary for the class. I didnt have my personal computer and could not access the machines in our labs, so all I could do was prepare myself for the comming weeks and hope that I would not be too far behined.

## What’s in my way?
Regarding issues or obstacles that got in my way, other than feeling slightly behind due to being out of town the first week, I did not find many obstacles. Although it felt like there was a lot of information I had to familiarize myself with, I am slowely getting aquanted with all the information.

## What will I do next week?
Next week I will work on completing the assignment. After reading up on all the information required and installing all the prerequisite applicaitons, I think I am ready to breeze through this first assignment and complete it efficiently.

## Experience in the class
Overall I found the class to be very engaging. I think most people would find the segment in which professor Downing calls upon students to join him in a 1 on 1 problem sovling session to be uncomfortable, but I think it is even more helpful than lecturing to the entire class, even if he is not speaking to me directly.

## Tip-of-the-week
A tip of the week that I can offer: When developing a backend for a website, using a tool like postman allows you to make calls requests to your functions whithout having to have a front end readily available to test with. This way you can implement an entire backended with what ever API or language you may choose, and make calls to your functions to see if they update your database appropriately. [https://www.getpostman.com/](https://www.getpostman.com/)

