---
layout: post
title: CS 373 - Week of 28 Nov - 4 Dec
---
## What did I do this past week?
This past week was a tough week. All of my classes were formated in such a way that we did not have finals and our final midterm would be the last exam we would take. So all my final exams landed on the same day. In regards to this class I focused on studying from the schedule. I went week by week and reviewed every topic we talked about. Not only that but I practiced the techinuqes that were taught in class in order to be proficient in them. This helped me a lot in the exam. I felt a little weak when it came to sql so I spent a good amount of time on that. Unfortunatly after puting down the right answers on the exam for the sql section, I had a feeling I was being too complicated and rewrote the solution with the wrong answers.

## What’s in my way?
Not much got in my way other than my own procrastinating habbits. I could have definitly spent more time studying for the exam. Also, It took me a little over 5 minutes to connect to the internet for the exam because for some reason I just couldnt see the network.

## What will I do next week?
Next week I will relax. All my classes are done, all my exams are done and the semester is over. Although it is hard sometimes to relax because I keep feeling like im missing something every now and then.

## Tip-of-the-week
At the biggening of the class I tried to use windows to complete my assignments and it was a complete mess. I formated my hardrive and installed linux and everything went smoothly. Do it.

## Class summary
My favorit langauge is python which is why I wanted to take this class. I can say that I didnt regret it. It has a heavy emphesis on python caviots and techniques. Although I felt that it didnt have a focus on development patterns as much as I would have wanted. It did a little in java but I would have wanted to see it in python. I felt the quizes were mostly fair but were annoying. The lectures were very thought out and clear and the professor took his time in explaining every detail and aswering any questions that the students had. I thought that the projects were interesting although the first project was much harder than the second. After doing Kattis I felt that it was a much easier version of collatz than the one we did. The final project was not only interesting, but it was something worth showing off to a potential employer. Overall this is a class I would recommend easily. The material was tought in such a way that it was easy to grasp and the assignments were well thought out.
